# Afterware
Afterware, like Middleware, really gives this BOM generator a leg up over the competition.

It operatres on the file generated by the Formatter (a copy of it actually).

Some examples of cool potential Afterware:
- Upload a BOM to an online service
- Copy the BOM file to an archive or shared folder

# Responsibilities
The responsibility of Afterware can be whatever you want it to.

Just do not remove the file path that it is handed.

# How Afterware Works
Afterware is the last thing called in the program pipeline. Once the Parser, Middleware, and Formatter have all been ran.


# Creating Afterware
Creating Afteware is just like creating Middleware and a Formatter.

**Afterware functions do not need to return anything**

## Step 1
The first step is to create a file in the `Afterware` folder (the same folder as this README)

The file **MUST** be in this format: "`*_afterware.py`" where `*` is the name of your Afterware.

## Step 2
import the `Afterware` module into the file just created

```py
import Afterware
```

## Step 3
Create a function for your Afterware that has registers it using a decorator
This function must accept a string that is the path to a file, and is not required to return anything

```py
@Afterware.Register("My-Afterware-Name")
def test_afterware(savedFile):
  """ A nice comment about what your Afterware does """
  # Code for your Afterware
```

*Note:* the Afterware name is not case sensitive

## Step 4
Like Middleware, you now need to add your Afterware to the `config.json` file in the `afterware` array (the afterware pipeline).