# KiCad Bill-of-Materials Generator
Let's face it... Generating BOMs from KiCad **SUCKS**. This program is looking to change that.

### It's the ★·.·´¯\`·.·★ BOMdigity ★·.·´¯\`·.·★

What this program allows you to do is generate much more friendly output when you're ready
to make your Bill-of-Materials. With the option of completely being able to customize the
internal workings, you can modify, upgrade, and extend this program to your hearts desire.


# Formatters
Currently, this program can generate a BOM in the following formats:
- Excel
- Comma Separated Value (CSV)
- JSON

However, it is completely extensible and new formatters can easily be added to
expand the potential output of this program. Read the [Formatters Read Me](Formatters/README.md) for more information.


# Middleware
This program implements what is known as middleware. Middleware runs between
parsing and retrieving components and the formatter. It can be responsible for a lot
of different tasks. For example:
- Sorting the list of components
- Referencing a database and injecting other data (serial numbers, distributor part numbers, etc)
- Verifying components against some other source

Similar to the formatters, middleware is completely extensible. Read the [Middleware Read Me](Middleware/README.md) for more information.

# Usage
The program must be built using `go build`.

## Arguments
You can customize how the program behaves based on the arguments you send it:
```
-json       Outputs component list to a JSON file
-csv        Outputs component list to a CSV file
-excel      Outputs component list to an Excel file (DEFAULT)

-dir path   Path to a KiCad project (path is an absolute file path)

-verbose    Enables verbose output logging
-debug      Enabled debug output logging
```

If you add the executable generated by `go build` to your system `PATH`, then you can simply run `kicad-cbom-generator` inside any KiCad project folder.

